Scopes:-    The scope is the current context of execution in which values and expressions are "visible" or can be referenced. 
            If a variable or expression is not in the current scope, it will not be available for use.

Global scope:     The default scope for all code running in script mode.
Module scope:     The scope for code running in module mode.
Function scope:   The scope created with a function.

Compiled programming Language:

Compiled programming languages are those in which the source code is compiled into machine code before it is executed. 
Some examples of compiled programming languages include C, C++, Java, and Swift.
When you write code in a compiled language, you typically use an integrated development environment (IDE) to write and edit the code.
The IDE will typically have a built-in compiler that can generate the executable file from the source code.

Interpreted Programming Languages:

Interpreted programming languages, on the other hand, are those in which the source code is executed directly by an interpreter, without being compiled into machine code first. 
The interpreter reads the source code line by line and executes each line as it is read. 
The interpreter is responsible for translating the source code into machine code at runtime.
Some examples of interpreted programming languages include Python, Ruby, and JavaScript.
Pure interpreted language exist called "Bash Script". means which are written inside the terminal which are
pure interpreted languages.These are those language which are execute our code directly, without reading/analysing
whole code prior.

1. function fun(){
    let r = iuo;
}
console.log("Wow Wow");

//Output:- Unexpected identifier 'r'

2. console.log("Wow Wow");
function fun(){
    let r = iuo;
}
//Output:- Unexpected identifier 'r'

If JS is interpreted then this error won't shown. If JS is interpreted then wow wow will be print.Bcse
in interpreted the code is executed by line by line. Jb tk error hit nhi hota tb tk line by like execute hota hai 
code.The above error called in syntax error so js is a compiler. So JS is HYBRID Language.

Nature of Js:
JavaScript is a Hybrid(compiled + interpreted) Language. A lot of people thinks that js is interpreted language
but it is not true, this is proves in the above example.
The above piece of code throws error without executing console.log and prints  nothing on console and just say the
error altogether.
This shows that JS is somehow analyzing the whole prior and  then only starting the execution.
Actually every Js code executed in 2 phases.
Phase 1: Compilaton and Scope resolution phase.
Phase 2: Interpretation and execution phase.

Scopes means "Visibility".